<h1>Introduction of this tool</h1>
<div>
A tool used to scratch the information in Zhihu and Weibo for someone. Maybe it will add new function in the future. Although it has been useless already before it's finished. Since the original target can't be completed forever.......TOT
</div>
<h3>Today's update</h3>
<li>12.23 It has been one week since the last update. This week I fully focus on transferring interface to framework7 run on phonegap. It seems that I basically catch its point. And upload the basic demo of the framework7. It goes Christmas eve and day in this week. Hope those who can see this project occasionally would have a good holiday. About me, I can't send the gift this year. It has already been my habit these three years. Now it is forced to be interrupted. I feel said. Maybe I can say "Merry Christmas". Maybe.</li>
<li>12.16 Heavy cough today. With a few changes. Try to add remember function and ss 4 migrate 3 to 4 page down...... Try to use page init to load the information from db instead of jstl. No more updates. Maybe I need a rest.</li>
<li>12.15 Big update today. Using the framework7 to do the page. If it is necessary, using Hbulider to wrap the IOS application. Added the get Zhihu information from the database. Should add the remember me function further. Using the jstl in page temporary. If it is transferred to IOS, the jstl part should be replaced with ajax part. Remove the jquery part. Since framework7 has the dom library. Need to rearrange the structure of this project in the future. Till now, haven't any personal thinking needs to record. Maybe it's a good situation. Maybe.</li>
<li>12.14 Added the password encording part and register part. Move the database file from the root category of the project. I haven't any party(?) this week. May proceed this project more quickly. With hope, hoping it to become better.</li>
<li>12.11 Changed the log system from log4j to logback. Added the access-error-handler. Switch the controller to authenticationController. Still have bug in sqlite. When selecting bool type from sqlite, it can't inject the boolean type in pojo. Another thing is login logic. When using the modelandview to redirect the link, it won't be limited by the spring security authentication. It needs to be fixed.</li>
<li>12.10 Small changes. Add spring-security-test</li>
<li>12.09 Ehcache added finished. Try to use junit to test security part. Haved a really nightmare today. Hope it won't happen forever.</li>
<li>12.08 Authentication from database finished. The Authorities key word still need to confirm. Still feel depressed today. Code is the way which will give you what you want if you code correct and input the right parameters.</li>
<li>12.07 Switch authentication from setting in xml file to database. But the user cache still has a problem. It lacks one dependency and the central repository has been down. Need to update further.  <b>Have heard a big secret today.</b> Keep clam and just focus on coding. It's the only road.</li>
<li>12.06 Add the basic authorization of this tool. I don't know why should I add this part. I just want to focus on some one in this project. It should be used only by myself. Why should I add ACL part? Maybe lonely. Maybe I just want to learn this technique. Maybe......I just want only me who can focus on some one. It's just a impracticable dream. Not matter which reasons, I begin to do this part. Though, it's still useless. 
<li>12.04 Begin to add the spring security framework to this project</li>
<li>12.02 Basically finished the crawler part and ORM part of Weibo finished. Then I will proceed the user interface part using ionic or bootstrap(To be decided. Prefer ionic)</li>
<li>12.01 Forward pic and content part basically finished. Begin to the comments and good part.<b>Selector still has some problems and needs to be fixed</b></li>
<li>11.30 Still a small bug on scratch the forward Weibo information which has the article or only has the word. Need to fix the picture and media information scratch in the forward part.</li>
